Speaker 1  0:00  
Or an idea for the software project and ours has to do with, like, social media,

Speaker 2  0:07  
related questions, related to that. Just like, start, what's your name? What an age major? I'm Matthew. I'm a freshman at CC. I'm undecided.

Speaker 3  0:26  
It's pretty interesting. Depends on class. I feel like, how's the job market right now?

Speaker 4  0:35  
It's not bad if you know what you're doing and like, if you work on, like, your algorithms and stuff and like, just make sure you understand everything. Oh yeah, you just rip like 500 applications get like, two offers. That's okay. Do you use

Speaker 2  0:54  
social media? No. She? Do you use social media? Yeah, yes. What app

Unknown Speaker  1:04  
do you use the most? Or like, what? What are your top apps? Mainly

Speaker 5  1:07  
Instagram. I don't use signature. What about like, tick tock, or any other Instagram? No, I don't want the Chinese

Unknown Speaker  1:19  
government. And then how much time do you spend on that?

Speaker 6  1:25  
You can say, like, too much, too little.

Speaker 5  1:31  
And like, when do you usually school? Like, when you're commuting or before I go to sleep, before you go to sleep?

Unknown Speaker  1:39  
And like, sometimes when I'm

Unknown Speaker  1:42  
procrastinating, and do you know what triggers you to open it?

Speaker 6  1:49  
Like, procrastination? Like, yeah, dopamine, dopamine withdrawal, I guess. Like, is there notifications? Or you just click on it when you see it, I

Unknown Speaker  1:58  
just sort of like, instinctively go

Speaker 6  2:02  
to it. And how do you feel after like, scrolling for around 20 minutes like, can you tell 20 minutes past?

Speaker 6  2:15  
We have it, we have it. And like, so does it interfere with any of your work or school?

Speaker 3  2:23  
Sleep, mainly sleep. I mean, I can work around.

Unknown Speaker  2:31  
It keeps me and like, have you tried anything to stop yourself from schooling?

Speaker 3  2:38  
I tried the black and white for a little bit.

Speaker 4  2:41  
Oh, you can change your phone settings. Yeah, it makes like the light less addictive, because you just went black and

Unknown Speaker  2:47  
white. I didn't just change

Unknown Speaker  2:50  
it that bad. I tried to time level Exactly.

Speaker 4  2:53  
It's bad. Have you tried? Have you tried any like, other apps or spend money on, like, blocking?

Speaker 3  3:02  
Uh, it's just one time I was bored. I tried to add that was, like, lock the lock Instagram. In exchange for like, like, 30 minutes

Unknown Speaker  3:14  
more, they got to pay for that thing.

Speaker 3  3:18  
So you weren't willing to pay for anything. No, I don't. I don't think. I don't pay for anything.

Unknown Speaker  3:26  
And so we have some ideas about

Speaker 4  3:28  
any, some productivity apps. Be honest. Be brutally honest.

Speaker 2  3:31  
It's okay if you don't have to answer, yeah, just be like, this idea. So we have, you want to do the education one.

Speaker 4  3:39  
Education one. So it's like, most people, they scroll a lot for dopamine route. Would you scroll if it was, like, education based, like, oh, I have an assignment that I really need to do, maybe, like, I'm really procrastinating on it. Like, just today I was progressing on my math looked horrible. Didn't know how to do it. If somehow your reels. A lot of them are like, so, like, some of them would still be, like, fun, funny, whatever. And then others would be maybe, like, Oh, this is how you do a problem, or, like, something math concept related. Or does it like, feel too, like, black and white,

Speaker 2  4:19  
or something, like, some of them would just turn into those, yeah,

Speaker 4  4:22  
it's like, the transition to like, drastic, like, from something funny to something where you have to think about it, and then, and then you would honestly, like, skip it, because you're like, I don't want to think about that right now.

Speaker 3  4:36  
I think like, instead of like, stuff that's like, academic based, or like code or math problems, like, I end up just like, sometimes pausing when it comes to, like, an interesting like historical fact or common knowledge that, just like, dates to your knowledge. And it can be anything from ancient China, oh yeah, but it's like, I don't know. It's like, it feels less unproductive, okay, okay, and I don't mind it when it comes.

Speaker 6  5:05  
Up. What about like, other preventative measures? Like, let's say none of these apps are paid, right? So they're all free. But if it'll, like, make it harder to open the app. Like, let's say when you click on Instagram, they'll open in five minutes.

Speaker 3  5:25  
I think the problem with it is that, like you, you're the one who's creating that block, so you're also the one who could take down that block. Yeah, I mean, it doesn't, it doesn't really do any I think eventually I would just end up deleting the app if I had something to do that's like, the same thing as, like, the hour long time

Speaker 5  5:42  
and our other idea would be, like, if there was a leaderboard with your friends and you guys share all your screen time, it's like, first of all, it's a good idea. Would you be willing to share your screen time with the app if you're sharing with your friends? Yeah?

Unknown Speaker  5:57  
Yeah. I think, like, I don't know, because I know my friends, like, beat my record.

Unknown Speaker  6:03  
Like, I think I would talk to sharks.

Speaker 2  6:05  
Okay, that's good. But like, would it incentivize you to use your like, use social media less?

Speaker 3  6:13  
There's just, like, the shame factor. Well, I mean, it depends. I think if you're sharing it with your close knit friends, I think it'd be easily, it easily spiral out of control your standards more and more as a group. Like, if you're doing it with, like, streamers, like, more shame to it. Like, I think that's a good idea. Like, I'd be, like, self conscious about them scrolling on Instagram.

Speaker 4  6:39  
But like, with my classes, would you dodge it and use like other devices, like your computer? You just start scrolling on your computer.

Speaker 3  6:46  
I never do that. It's inconvenient. Also it's arguably more shameful, because, yeah, so like, I've never done that before. So first is Gotcha?

Speaker 2  7:02  
You think your friends would be interested in that idea? Yeah, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  7:07  
It's like a well known problem. Everyone just

Speaker 2  7:11  
but like, would they be willing to share their screen time? Like, it wouldn't be all screen time. It'd probably just be social media

Speaker 3  7:17  
or games or something. I think that'd be fun. It's not like a suit, like a crazy leak of private information.

Speaker 4  7:25  
So yeah, thank you so much for giving us an interview. Matthew, right, yes, what are your guys? Luke, I.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
