Unknown Speaker  0:00  
Facebook just to check up on older family members.

Speaker 1  0:03  
I also use whatsapp to talk to my immigrant family members that don't live here. And I also use LinkedIn, if that counts as well. Okay, I use LinkedIn, yeah, those are Oh, and I've just bought on Tiktok, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  0:22  
How much time would you say you

Unknown Speaker  0:25  
spend per day on all the apps combined?

Unknown Speaker  0:29  
I would say probably.

Unknown Speaker  0:33  
Three hours. Yeah, three hours.

Speaker 1  0:42  
Yeah. If feels like it doesn't feel like a lot, because it's on my own time, like most of the time I'll be on social media during, like before to go to bed. So it doesn't feel like I'm taking too much, unless I'm doing something for school or work. It feels like a lot of time, because I spent an hour when I should be working, going on social media, but when I'm on my own time, it doesn't feel like a lot and like

Speaker 2  1:09  
so you said you sometimes school or go on social media when you're doing work, but it's mostly before bed. Yes, and

Unknown Speaker  1:19  
what like causes you to open?

Speaker 1  1:21  
Do you know? Yeah, I would say just to check up on what my friends were doing.

Unknown Speaker  1:30  
A lot of the times I'm looking at

Speaker 1  1:34  
like stories, see what other people are going or it's to talk to people on the DMS. I programs other times, like for LinkedIn, for instance, I'm looking at what's going on with other people professionally, but yeah, I would say it's mostly just to see what other people are doing and what opportunities are out there. And like, what causes it to you just stay

Unknown Speaker  1:57  
on the app instead of checking what you're checking and just get off. I

Speaker 1  2:02  
think it what you're checking and just get off. I think it's the chance to find something cool, find something good. Like, a lot of the opportunities that I've gotten are from being on social media. So I always feel like, if I stay long enough, it's kind of like playing like the lottery, I guess, like, you're just like, trying to see if there's something funny or something like, really interesting. So in my head, I'm like, oh, like, if I keep, if I keep using this app, like, if I take two hours and I just give all my time of that, I could find something really cool. Yeah, exactly. But if I didn't, then how else am I? I could be missing out on something, you know, so,

Unknown Speaker  2:46  
yeah, do you feel like it's a problem for you, or I

Unknown Speaker  2:50  
think it's a problem for my eyesight?

Speaker 1  2:53  
I definitely see that. Like, if I take these off, I can barely, like, my vision has gotten way worse because I'm just, I don't have blue light glasses. I just look at my phone. But it definitely is because a lot of for like us modern students, even when we're not using social media, we're still on screens to do research. So like, even though I'm on my social media apps for three hours, I know I'm gonna look at a screen for like, at least, so it's just like adding on. So I know it's like a larger issue. It's not just social media. Yeah, so like, have

Unknown Speaker  3:34  
you tried anything to reduce your screen time?

Unknown Speaker  3:41  
No, I haven't I.

Unknown Speaker  3:46  
I don't

Speaker 1  3:50  
like screen time with social media or just screen time in general, social media, social media. No, no, not that much. I maybe once a week I'll try, like, I'll just put my phone to the side and, like, not, yeah, I try to, like, go to sleep by myself. But other than that, no, I just about myself, surrender myself to

Speaker 3  4:16  
so you said something about like, kind of like, the visual aspect where you're on your phone too much. Would you say that, even if you had, like, an alternative where somehow it was kind of like audio based, you'd still want to scroll on your phone, because it's like visual you're kind of getting that information through your eyes. Like, do you value that?

Speaker 1  4:34  
I do value that? I value a little bit of both. I need some sort of white noise to, like, do stuff. So I feel like the visual part is definitely necessary, but sort of audio is really crucial in helping me, like, stay on, if that makes sense, because some things I can just see without any audio, and it's cool just to look at it, other things, either.

Speaker 3  5:00  
Doing it, yeah, yeah. And how likely would the content of what you're looking at? So, you know you're talking about, like, oh, it's really funny. It's really interesting. Is there ever times where you you wish you would be like, Oh, I wish I knew something that could maybe help me with this project, or homework or something related to educational purposes?

Speaker 1  5:20  
Yeah, I definitely have used it to try to find like, if there are any conferences or any sort of like scholars that are coming out with like their new works, I've done that very sparingly, though. Most of the time, if I'm trying to find like educational opportunities, I'll either through, like, professors because they're vetted, or, like, word of mouth because anyone can say anything on social media, and it's not as a scholar I have that integrity of, like, making sure I'm consuming something that's safe as an academic, as an academic, but there is like, because a lot Of like, educational organizations. Now know that, okay, the best way to reach the young people such as myself is through social media. So like, there's an organization that can maybe help me or connect me with something I want to research. And like, I'll go on Instagram and be like, you know, so and so association or so and so organization, and I'll find like, what events are going down. But as far as, like, if I'm gonna write something for my paper, yeah, I'm not gonna go on Instagram, absolutely, yeah, but yeah. So that's,

Speaker 2  6:32  
would you ever consider taking any preventative measures, like maybe something that makes it harder to open the app or scroll?

Speaker 1  6:39  
I think I tried that, like, a long time ago, but the thing that, like, really made it bad was, like, I would have, like, an app that would stop me from going on Instagram. But, you know, so it was like, you download the app and you have, like, you put in a password, and only way for you to access that app is if, you know, yeah, just didn't help. It didn't help whatsoever. So I tried that once when I was like, 14, and then after that, I was like, Nah, just gonna accept it.

Speaker 2  7:08  
I'm addicted to this. What if it wasn't, like, a password, but it would, like, make you wait five minutes.

Speaker 1  7:16  
That's a good one. I would I would consider it. I would consider it I was doing, like, some self reflecting. And I'm like, I never open up Instagram, just to like, be honest for like, 20 minutes, like, you know, like, I never tell myself, Oh, only five minutes. I just time doesn't exist when I'm on social media. So I definitely would,

Unknown Speaker  7:38  
I would be open to it. It's just, I know that it's gonna be hard.

Speaker 2  7:45  
Oh, we also have another idea, yeah, like a different route, which would be like, if your friends and you had a leaderboard for screen time on social media and

Unknown Speaker  7:58  
everyone could see it. Would that be interesting

Speaker 1  8:00  
to you? Like, to help me not be on it, yeah, like, accountability, that'd be so interesting. That would be really interesting, um, because I know, like, your, like, your iPhone assesses how much time you've had, yeah, oh, man, if you can, like, put that on a leaderboard. Oh, my God, I feel like, um, yeah, no, that would definitely, I would definitely use that. I would definitely go on that. I would check that a bunch, just to, like, bag on my friends, yeah, I feel like that would, yeah, that would help me a little bit, because my friends wouldn't see how much it like, mean, so, yeah, that would definitely help me. It would definitely be like, I think I would check up regularly at least, probably like once a week, just to see like, if my friend is like, you know, consumed with whatever.

Unknown Speaker  8:50  
But, yeah, no, that would be fun. I would definitely do that.

Speaker 3  8:57  
Thank you so much for your time. Appreciate it. Gabriel, right, yeah, Luke.

Speaker 3  9:02  
Luke, nice to meet you all. I hope you guys, best of luck. Oh, yeah, okay, well, thank you so of course, of course, of course.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
