Unknown Speaker  0:00  
You market. So, like, this is gonna be, like, five to 10 minutes.

Unknown Speaker  0:05  
Like, interview, is it okay if I record, yeah,

Speaker 1  0:10  
yeah, can I ask What's your name, Tricia. So, Tricia, can you tell me a little bit like, how old are you? What's your nature? I'm a fresh one at Barnard. Oh, okay, that sounds nice. Do you use social media? I see can ask, like, What app do you usually use on social media? I think I really just use Instagram and discord. Oh, okay, okay, so Instagram and discord. Okay, the are you aware of how many hours or, like, minutes you spend on that day? Yeah, you feel free to check it on your phone too. Yeah, yeah. But, like, I'm curious to, like, what guess would you put a number down for yourself? Yeah, without checking, I feel like three or four. Okay? I'd say, like three or four. Okay, let's say, let's say it is like a lie. Yeah, yeah. Some people, they undermine it. Some people overestimate so it's like a normal thing. Yeah? Totally, is it

Unknown Speaker  1:23  
okay? It's like two and

Unknown Speaker  1:24  
a half. Oh, that's so good. Mine's way more.

Speaker 1  1:27  
Yeah, um, do you where do you usually scroll? Like Instagram, when you probably just in my room, wherever I see, no, in my room, oh, in your room. I see, do you have any tendency to scroll the time, like in the morning, or at night, like when you wake up

Unknown Speaker  1:44  
before you sleep, or something like, probably

Speaker 1  1:47  
at night, mostly like I see, are you aware of why would you get on the app that much, according to the way? Why? Yeah. Why you get on, like, scrolling on Instagram.

Speaker 2  2:01  
Um, I think it's just like, way to, like, not think about work and just like,

Speaker 1  2:05  
yeah, consume media. I see, I see, I

Speaker 2  2:09  
think I also have, like, I get a lot of like, political views social media that I like, Good, yeah, like, it's hardly to actually read the like, corresponding views

Speaker 1  2:18  
I see, I see. I mean, would you say the content on your Instagram, like, you know, a waste of time, or just, like, entertaining purposes only. Or, I think

Speaker 2  2:28  
more it's like half entertaining, half like learning. Like, I get a lot of like, like Job Search or like stuff, so I do learn from it, but definitely it's still not a good use of my time?

Speaker 1  2:41  
Yeah, no, I think it is fine. I mean, would you say is a bad amount of time that you spend on or is a good amount, like per day for you? Probably not very good.

Unknown Speaker  2:54  
I think it's gone better since covid. It's

Speaker 1  3:00  
still too confident too, yeah, um, do you think the scrolling habit of yours ever intersect with your work schedule? Or, like, you know, hanging out with friends? Or like, being in present when you talk to your friends, you're on your phone? Not at all.

Speaker 2  3:15  
No, I don't think it packs like me with my friends. Probably like doing work, I like, get distracted, but not like, not like, I see,

Speaker 1  3:27  
I see, let me see. Oh, have you ever tried to stop, limit yourself from scrolling like any kind of measure, like using an app, or like, you just mentally be like, Okay, I need to stop scrolling. Get back to work. I feel like,

Unknown Speaker  3:40  
if I have, like, a lot of work or,

Speaker 2  3:42  
like, it's like, finals or web turps, I like, put my phone in a different room on the other side of the room so I just don't touch it. And it usually works pretty well.

Speaker 1  3:51  
Oh, I see, I see, what you can you imagine yourself without social media, like Instagram at

Speaker 2  3:58  
all around I've, like, I've, like, definitely deleted Instagram off my phone for like, weeks to, like, just, like, focus on work. So I think it's like puzzle without, like, Instagram itself, but I feel like messaging apps, like, I would still be, oh

Speaker 1  4:11  
yeah, I didn't see what you mean. Okay, so now I'm gonna ask you some of the solution that we are thinking of, and see, like, how do you think about that? So one what, the first thing we are thinking of is to make an app where you like, summarizing the new sources for you, or some educational content. So, for example, your econ major, right? We are thinking to either have like, each of the slide when you scroll, it's like a content about, you know, definition of like, what is market share like, what is EBITDA about something similar? Yeah, I think so they are, like, summarized, but they are paid, and then I don't know what topic they are really focusing on, but we are, like, trying to nail down on, like, a very, very specific kind of topic that we want to do. Get market app instead of, like, having everything like them and yeah, so between like, the news and so let's say, like your professional related content. Which one would you prefer more to, you know, to scroll compared to the content you got on Instagram?

Unknown Speaker  5:21  
Yeah, I think probably like job search.

Speaker 1  5:26  
Like, what specifically is job search? Like, can you elaborate more on that? Like, the company job posting,

Speaker 2  5:34  
I don't know, like advice on like interviews or like, just like how the like cycle works, or,

Unknown Speaker  5:41  
or just like opportunities to fight.

Speaker 1  5:44  
I see, I see, yeah, what do you think that, like the educational content about your major would help you in your job search? I don't or not, yeah or like what you yet know so far about your major really helped you with your job.

Speaker 2  6:00  
It probably would help. But I don't know how much I would use it, because I feel like I go on my phone, mainly to, like, for like entertainment, I see what you mean, and that there's like, learning stuff, like, intertwined with it, and then, like, if I was, if I wanted to do like, job search stuff, I would like do work on my computer, or, like, learn for like YouTube or something like that. So I don't know how,

Unknown Speaker  6:20  
yeah, I see

Speaker 1  6:24  
that, yeah. So since, like, given your habit, do you need prevention from you clicking onto social media, for example, like, you know, you addict to it for some period of time. I don't know if you ever experienced that, but let's say you addicting to it, right? And then you be like, oh, and have homework to do. And then we gonna ask you to, like, Okay, you need to scan the homework and show your progress to make sure that you did homework so that you can get onto the app. Would you ever need something like that? Or do you think it's really like, you know, helpful for you?

Speaker 2  6:59  
I don't think I would need something like that. I think, I think I like, I'm able to, like, put something, like, Yeah, put my phone away or something, if I really have a lot of work to do,

Speaker 1  7:08  
yeah, I see, I see, um, let me ask you something like this. So let's say you have your screen time, right, but would you be comfortable to share that with your friends are now, like, older, like, how much food Thailand, yeah, with your friends, I've been like, yeah, I see. Let's imagine you share with your friends, and you guys have a leaderboard. What would you think of it if we had a leaderboard?

Unknown Speaker  7:33  
Like, how much yeah, what would you think of

Unknown Speaker  7:37  
that? That's actually really interesting.

Speaker 2  7:42  
It's probably, I feel like it'd be like fun to have it be like, like a competition to like, who has, like the Lisa as sweet or something. I think that would definitely

Speaker 1  7:50  
be interesting. I see, I see, yeah, I think yeah, that's all we want to ask you today. Yeah. Thank you so much for your time. Yeah.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
