Unknown Speaker  0:00  
Hello. Okay, so like, what's your name? You're in school and major, Can I skip the name?

Speaker 1  0:12  
Yes, first year, grad school, students, business school, financial economics.

Unknown Speaker  0:20  
We're a master's in computer science, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  0:24  
engineering. And do you use social media?

Unknown Speaker  0:29  
Yes, What app do you spend the most time on?

Unknown Speaker  0:32  
I'm Chinese. Instagram. That pretty

Unknown Speaker  0:38  
much we're also Chinese too. Like ABC

Speaker 2  0:42  
and then around, how much time per day do you spend on zaps, five to five to six and when, like during the day? Do you usually open these apps like at night or wake up when you wake up in whatever I have work to do, I assignments or group based communications, oh, and what triggers you to open it?

Speaker 3  1:11  
Message, message, all right, but Instagram worked in another way, right? You want to share something, you post stories or stuff

Speaker 2  1:18  
like that. But would you say, like, when you use chat? Do you primarily use it for messaging? Or do you like, scroll through

Unknown Speaker  1:25  
the moments for the moment, primarily for message videos, or

Unknown Speaker  1:30  
like the short videos? I do tick

Unknown Speaker  1:34  
tock, tick tock. Do you feel like you spend too much time on

Unknown Speaker  1:40  
social media? I feel like I spend too much time on Tiktok,

Speaker 2  1:43  
on Tiktok, but like, what causes you to open Tiktok? Like, versus I'm boring, and so does it interfere with doing work or sleep? Yes. Have you ever tried anything to stop yourself from using too much Tiktok? No, no.

Unknown Speaker  2:03  
Would you be willing to try anything, or is it just not something

Speaker 2  2:06  
you wanted to try? Oh, no, I'm open to you're open to it because we have a couple ideas for apps, and one of them would be like, What do you scroll? What's your purpose when you scroll Tiktok? Like, just boredom, just, yeah, just, would you? Would you be interested if there was, like, educational tick tocks, or

Speaker 1  2:26  
education, oh, yeah, educational tick tock I watched so it's very segmented. So I watched by something called Fun. My tick tock also involves some like, I guess, deep learning, your network decomposition, stuff like that, just to sort of keep your thread.

Speaker 2  2:48  
Would you still say you feel like you're wasting your time if you're only scrolling on educational content?

Speaker 1  2:55  
Yes, it might be wasting time because you sort of, you are not intentionally find the topic of why you just randomly scroll, or whatever it is,

Speaker 2  3:07  
and what if there was, like, an app that made it harder to open Tiktok, like, let's say, if you click Tiktok, you have to wait five minutes before it actually opens.

Speaker 1  3:19  
Would you I think that wouldn't work. So from my perspective, I don't think, yeah, people

Unknown Speaker  3:24  
just gonna delete it and

Speaker 1  3:28  
yeah, I think there, there's like, log or something in the form as well.

Unknown Speaker  3:34  
I don't know. I just don't think that gonna work.

Speaker 2  3:37  
What if our other idea would be like to make a friend leaderboard? So, like, you would get your friends to download the app and share your screen time, and you would have a ranking on better. That sounds better. Would you be willing to share your screen time with your friends? I'm okay. You're okay.

Unknown Speaker  3:52  
Do you think they would be willing to I guess

Unknown Speaker  3:57  
I don't know if they like some,

Speaker 1  4:01  
let's say maybe share the top three or something, because people might use a different kind of app that's more private.

Speaker 2  4:09  
Well, let's say, like, it's just social media. So I like, if you guys use WeChat a lot for communication, it wouldn't be included. But if you were using it for like, scrolling or doing scrolling, you would include it, yeah, okay, that sounds good. Do you think it would incentivize you to use less screen

Speaker 1  4:26  
time or so compete for whoever used last night? Yeah, maybe that worked better.

Speaker 2  4:33  
Would it also like along the same line, like if you had a streak, so let's say every day you use for one hour or less, you would get a streak. And at like 10, like a day streak. So, okay, yeah, so like, Have you ever done Duolingo, yeah, daily streaks. So it would be like you would have to use social media for an hour or less every day. And at, let's say, one month, you would get like a $5 gift card or some monetary value. Would that incentivize you to do a streak or no?

Speaker 1  5:03  
But it really depends, right? If you stop doing social media, let's say I reduce an hour with my Tiktok. What do I really do with that hour? If I play League of Legends or other video games, that just doesn't make sense, it's still wasting time, if you spend an hour for study or finding a job, am I worth it? But vice versa? Thank you. Thank you so much. Thank you.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
