Unknown Speaker  0:00  
Like, what their homes are.

Speaker 1  0:02  
Can we start with, like, what's your name, your majors? And like, what year are you

Unknown Speaker  0:08  
wait? Do you need me to, like, talk?

Speaker 2  0:11  
Oh, I don't know. Yeah, this is fun. My name is Hannah. I'm a sophomore background nerd, and I'm studying fun, and then possibly compared to what they should but

Unknown Speaker  0:24  
primarily so you use social media, right? Yeah.

Speaker 1  0:29  
Like, What app do you spend the most time on? Or, like, what are your top apps? So I

Speaker 2  0:33  
deleted Tiktok, and I'm mostly on Instagram. The reason why I use

Unknown Speaker  0:37  
Instagram, I take my commercial dance and

Speaker 2  0:43  
so, like, my Instagram is primarily used for finding classes or, like, training and stuff like

Unknown Speaker  0:50  
that. How much time would you say you spend a day? I think

Unknown Speaker  0:56  
since deleting three, five, maybe like two, it's really good.

Speaker 1  1:02  
Yeah, I Yeah, and like, what time of day do you do school? Is it before bed or like, when, like,

Unknown Speaker  1:10  
weekends, throughout the day, I finished class at 530

Unknown Speaker  1:21  
Do you like school when you're doing homework or something, okay?

Speaker 1  1:26  
And like, what causes you to open your social media? I think it's just like, if I'm already thinking

Speaker 3  1:32  
about different things, if I'm already distracted, and like, I'll go on social media to, like,

Speaker 1  1:37  
look up whatever I'm distracted or not, and then do you just stay on social media? Yeah. And like, can you tell if 20 minutes

Unknown Speaker  1:49  
has passed? It like, feel bad.

Speaker 1  1:54  
Have you ever tried, like, any preventative apps or any preventative measures? I don't

Speaker 4  2:00  
really know. Already deleted Tiktok. I don't really miss it. Tiktok is easy for me to delete, or, like,

Speaker 2  2:06  
stay off of it, or you, like, re downloaded it. It's just like Instagram, because, again, like, I use it for, like, classes and stuff, like dance classes. So sometimes I'm thinking

Unknown Speaker  2:18  
about, like, Oh, should I take these people, like, in the land, like,

Unknown Speaker  2:25  
does things, and that's like, can't really stay off of it.

Unknown Speaker  2:35  
And so we have some solutions, potentially,

Speaker 1  2:39  
a couple ideas. So one would be like, if it was more educational, like, Would you be interested if your reels showed more like educational content, like, maybe, like facts, or whatever you're learning, you'll like, be sort of related to that. Or would you just scroll past, not really and like, what about competitive measures that are not like a pass code, but let's say, every time you want to open Instagram, you got to wait five minutes after you click on it, before it opens. Yeah, wait that. I feel like that would be but like, would you bypass it if you really needed to check a class schedule or something, or you wanted to see someone's post?

Speaker 2  3:21  
Maybe, probably, I think it would have to be like, one of those things where, like, you can't die faster, okay?

Speaker 1  3:27  
And our other idea would be like a leaderboard with your friends. Love screen time. Would you be comfortable sharing your screen time with your friends?

Unknown Speaker  3:36  
I would, but I think, like a lot of

Unknown Speaker  3:38  
my friends, like a lot of people, are in the comments, I don't think you would be like,

Unknown Speaker  3:44  
like, have that incentive of like two

Speaker 1  3:47  
kids that are like, yeah. What if it was like a streak, where, after you had like a streak for, let's say, like 20 days, you would get like a gift card if you had like a streak of less than, like an hour a day on social media.

Unknown Speaker  4:08  
Thank you so much. Thank you.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
