Speaker 1  0:00  
Yeah. So, yeah, can you give us some question your name, your age and your nature right now?

Speaker 2  0:06  
Yeah, my name, my name is arco. I'm a no, that's fine. I'm a mechanical engineering Junior.

Speaker 1  0:18  
So do you use social media? Okay? What app do you use?

Unknown Speaker  0:22  
What app do you do, primarily, Instagram and Twitter?

Speaker 1  0:27  
How's that? Oh, I see, can I ask, How long are you aware that you'd be on the ad? Sure.

Speaker 2  0:32  
I mean, on a weekend like this, gonna do? I could be, like, definitely, three hours, something like that. Totally.

Speaker 1  0:37  
I say, I say, would you say that the time you spend on it, or, like, unproductive, useful at all.

Speaker 2  0:43  
It's mainly for entertainment purposes. Yeah, I wouldn't say

Speaker 1  0:48  
it's productive. I mean, do you think that it's getting the way of you doing your work sometimes,

Speaker 2  0:54  
sometimes, I think definitely, like, like, a weekend trying to do homework, you can be distracted.

Speaker 1  0:58  
Definitely, I see, I mean, are you aware why you get onto the app and stay for that long?

Speaker 2  1:03  
I think sometimes, like, it's like a quick distraction because the media it's so short, you can consume it in very small bites. Yeah, of course, small bites add up into a large period of time,

Speaker 1  1:15  
you know. But have you ever tried to, like, stop using it or, like, how do you Yeah, I think,

Speaker 2  1:19  
like, for example, like, exam season, I was, like, shut it off and, like, only communicate via my computer. So if I was much more productive on my computer than on my phone,

Speaker 1  1:28  
I say, I say, Yeah, okay. So for that kind of problem, for us, we like thinking to do with some kind of solution for sure, sure, sure, yeah. So one of them is something like, we have, like, content summary app for either, like a new source or for the topic of the insurance mechanical engineering, right? We're gonna do something like, like, all these kind of math formula or something like that, yeah. So would you think that kind of content be more useful for you? Like, captivating? Sure.

Speaker 2  1:57  
Yeah. I mean, I often use, like, Twitter to keep up with sports I watch, using sports so, like, somewhere that kind of collates everything together for sure,

Speaker 1  2:06  
for sure. Yeah, I see, would you replace Instagram, like, fun content, with something more educated, totally, or, like, from

Unknown Speaker  2:15  
time to it would be, like a portion. It wouldn't be

Speaker 1  2:17  
completely, I say. So another thing that is, like we thinking of to do preventative measure. So, for example, you having homework, right? Yeah. And, like, we wanted to scan the homework to show progress so that you came up with the app would be interesting. Those are like, I think it could be.

Speaker 2  2:35  
But I almost think that in doing the work of scanning, it brings me out of this always makes me more likely to then go back on, like, social media or something

Speaker 1  2:44  
like that. I see, I see, let's say, Would you be able to share your screen time with your friends? I've heard

Speaker 2  2:51  
of that type of stuff, like people who like drinking problems. Whenever you take a drink, they like tell your friends, yeah, maybe that could be interesting. It'd be a fun game, honestly. Like, I see that could be fun, but I feel like if I was the only one doing it, it'd be a bit awkward. It's like, all my friends were, like, doing something like that. It could be fun. It could be fun,

Speaker 1  3:07  
I see. So what do you think about, like, paying money for any of those app?

Speaker 2  3:12  
I mean, like, it's like, a really good app, like, not subscription. It'd have to be, like, a one time purchase, one time, like, one time, $5 I'd be down for that.

Speaker 1  3:20  
Okay, okay, okay, yeah, I think that's all we want to ask your names.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
