Speaker 1  0:00  
We are taking a class. We are computer science student, and then, yeah, we have a project that we want to find solution to. So for people who on social media a lot, I mean, do you use social media? I'm your audience.

Speaker 2  0:17  
The average usage is around an hour a day. I'm trying to, you know, stop it. Yeah. I'm trying to control it to 20 minutes a day. 30 minutes, yeah.

Speaker 1  0:28  
I mean, that makes sense, because I, I also use a lot to implement, Oh, can you start reforming? Okay, so I'm gonna ask you some question.

Unknown Speaker  0:38  
See, so can I ask what your age

Unknown Speaker  0:43  
and your major?

Speaker 3  0:47  
22 years old right now, doing my masters in financial engineering. I love that major.

Speaker 1  0:55  
Yeah, but yeah, so let me ask you, like, What app do you spend the most

Speaker 2  1:02  
for social media. WhatsApp is used to communicate. I wouldn't call that a social media, but apart from the Instagram is one, because you get to know about the updates of all the people around you. I started using Snapchat around a month ago. My friend informed me that you'd rather keep in touch.

Unknown Speaker  1:21  
There's a concept called streets over there, right? Yeah,

Speaker 2  1:24  
I got bored of it. There was a lot of investment, so I stopped using it. So primarily right now, I just use Instagram around three to five, yeah, 40 minutes a day.

Speaker 1  1:35  
Oh, you're aware of, like, the time that you spend on the Instagram. Yes, I feel it's a waste. Yeah? But do but

Unknown Speaker  1:43  
to start using it, and then you lose your time, right?

Unknown Speaker  1:46  
You lose the track of your time, then it's a waste of time.

Speaker 1  1:49  
Would you say 3040, minutes? Or there is, like, a long span for you.

Speaker 2  1:54  
Or I know that the average is not around, that the average is around two to three hours a day, yeah? So I know that I'm way below the average, but 3030, minutes is still a lot, right? I just need Instagram, yeah, to know about the people in my life, and eight to 10 minutes are enough. So I'm losing 20 minutes, and I lose the and I can lose the momentum too, right? Like you start scrolling, you lose the work you're doing. So, yeah, there's a lot of loss in that

Speaker 1  2:24  
way as well. I see, I see, let me see. So do you you mentioned that you when you open it, then you want to keep scrolling, scrolling. Is there anything that you be aware of what triggered you to do that? I just like a feel of procrastination.

Speaker 2  2:42  
See the first trigger is, of course, that you're working and you get exhausted. You need a break, and you need that dopamine hip. You need that you need that thrill inside your head. That's the number one trigger. The number two is that you can't stop it, because you're getting that trigger every time you scroll, and it's hard to actually stop. It needs a lot of pressure from inside to stop that. That is very hard. Yeah, I think these two are the

Speaker 1  3:06  
only reasons I say. I say, are you aware? Like, when do you usually scroll with like, in school, on the subway, you take public transportation.

Speaker 2  3:18  
I would have loved to use it on the subway, but there's no internet, so I can't use it, yeah, but usually if I'm working, and right now, you know, like the attention span of everyone is going down, so I work for 25 minutes. I'm exhausted. I use it for three minutes, etc, yeah, so that's the only time at nights I try to not use it because I need my slow time at night, yeah, so yeah. During the daytime, in the washroom I'm taking the loo,

Speaker 1  3:46  
I say, Yeah, okay, so there's some well, so let's just say that, have you ever tried to stop or limit yourself from scrolling at all or absolutely all the time, and just like mental prepare?

Speaker 2  4:01  
Any Yeah, yeah. That is just a mental thing. I started using x, yeah, Instagram, yeah, because over there it's more informational. You rather learn and scroll I see. And the other app I started using is, in short, it's an app from India. I think you should also use it so, like, you can scroll there. There's like a news article page, you know, you can get news, yeah, and the daily updates

Speaker 1  4:30  
of the world I see. Okay, so, so for that problem, for our group, we have some solution that we want to ask you, like, which one is like your choice. So one of them is that we want to make some educational summary app, you know, for example, like a news and then we summarize it. So given that kind of product for yourself, right? Would you want to replace your normal social media, the content on Instagram? With just using that like,

Speaker 2  5:02  
I'll say that it's not a complete alternative. You need your Instagram too, yeah, but I feel if you create that app, I think it'll be really awesome. I'll start using it too, right? Because you need that dopamine hit, and you can get that through the news app, yeah, right. And you'll rather learn some new things as well. Yeah, so, and I told you about insurance, right?

Unknown Speaker  5:23  
That's yeah, so I think it'd be really good,

Speaker 1  5:25  
yeah, between news and the topic that you care about. For example, your major Which one do you prefer?

Speaker 2  5:34  
In your opinion, I will prefer the second one. Or like the topic that you can choose, you can get some new information. Let's have into like, real estate or architecture. Yeah, I press architecture button I learn about new architecture projects and all that. I think that'd be really cool. Wow, yeah, I think you should just give this a chance.

Unknown Speaker  5:54  
Yeah, and I know how to code if you need me to code something.

Speaker 1  5:59  
Yeah, thank you. Thank you. As like part of our class, we will see like, what we gonna use that is good, yeah. And also like the another solution we are thinking is more like preventative measure. So for example, we want to make it more inconvenient for you to scroll so like when you on Instagram, right? Let's say this app that make you type like 10 times before you can open it. So usually for Instagram, right now, if you see they have something called, you have been on Instagram for 15 minutes already per day if you set like a limit, right? But something, for example, like, make you tap five times a day or more serious, I'm like, are you doing homework that we want to scan it so that you can, you know, open the app. What would do you think about that measure? Would you

Unknown Speaker  6:50  
I like the idea? The idea is quite idea

Speaker 2  6:54  
is interesting. Yeah, it's unique, but I don't think it's gonna work. Like, yeah, I'll use it for two days. Of course, I'll have that motivation that I need to do this after two days, I'll get tired, I'll get annoyed, right? And I'll remove that feature. Yeah, I know it's important, but yeah, I lose to that, to that motivation. I say because it can get annoying, it's really important, but you need that discipline from inside to let it go.

Speaker 1  7:18  
And I mean, would you feel comfortable sharing your screen time with your friends or, like, yeah, absolutely, because some people are very sensitive about like your screen time.

Unknown Speaker  7:34  
Okay, I'm not ashamed of

Unknown Speaker  7:37  
it. Maybe that's why I can share it. I

Speaker 1  7:40  
see, I see, yeah, that that makes sense. Would you be willing to pay money for those kind of app, or you prefer, like the free, free, right? Yeah, I understand

Speaker 2  7:51  
the second one, yeah, I won't pay for it, yeah? And I think just, I think it's just a tool. I'm not gonna pay for that. It's gonna give me trouble. So why to pay for it? Yeah, the first one, you can monetize it through advertisements. That's true, right? So I mean, and if you need me to pay to get education content, I'd rather get on the internet, yeah, although I have to do some work to get some news on architecture, I'm not gonna pay for that. Yeah, so subscription is not an option. I feel

Speaker 1  8:21  
I say that that is viable ads, yeah, yeah, thank you so much. I think that's all the questions.

Unknown Speaker  8:28  
If you have any other questions, maybe.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
