Unknown Speaker  0:00  
It okay? So we're doing this for a startup studio class, where we're kind of just, like trying to figure out, like a sort of problem space that we want to see if we can make a software for, just for apps that people want. Startup studio class, oh, it's called Startup studio, yeah. It's a class where we make startup Yeah. Oh, and it's like a club, like it's a student run class.

Unknown Speaker  0:24  
Oh, no, no. It's like an official class. Yeah, Professor, yeah. We're master

Unknown Speaker  0:31  
students. So the first thing is, could you just tell your your name, what year in school you are when you major in my name's Aggie. I'm a cc junior. I'm doing poly size stats,

Unknown Speaker  0:43  
gotcha. And do you use social media? Social

Unknown Speaker  0:48  
media? Which ones do you use the most? Instagram,

Unknown Speaker  0:54  
on YouTube, gotcha, and what part appeals to you most? Is it like the content or

Unknown Speaker  1:00  
about Instagram, I would say it's just how it's limitation, right? It's you're not it's not about text, it's not this, it's not a lot of stuff. It's just images, right?

Unknown Speaker  1:13  
It's very clear, like, it's easy

Unknown Speaker  1:16  
to, you know, direct your attention, because it's limited. It's just images. Do you look at posts on Instagram, or do you look at reels on Instagram? I just look at

Unknown Speaker  1:27  
recommended posts.

Unknown Speaker  1:29  
Oh, gotcha. And generally, how much time do you spend per day? You don't have to give a number. If you're not comfortable on social media on Instagram, I would say like one to two, the two hours and what? What about like YouTube? I

Unknown Speaker  1:45  
think you said YouTube, YouTube, one to two

Unknown Speaker  1:51  
depends, gotcha. And what time during the day do you scroll like? Do we do it before bed or free time do it before bed, before

Unknown Speaker  2:01  
bed, gotcha. And do you know what kind of like, why you open it? Is it because you want to look at something funny, or something like that?

Unknown Speaker  2:09  
It's like a more like a perpetual thing. But for Instagram, I look at just like news. Get a lot from Instagram,

Unknown Speaker  2:18  
like people's, you know, they're I get more, like, personalized, I guess, because of the algorithm, personalized information

Unknown Speaker  2:27  
the market.

Unknown Speaker  2:30  
Gotcha. Do you scroll to for like, procrastination or anything? Definitely that could happen if I not, if I'm not conscious, right? Yeah, gotcha. And like, generally, when you're scrolling, do you know when 20 minutes has passed? Or are you kind of just like, oh, wow, time has passed after

Unknown Speaker  2:50  
I think the interesting thing is, I if I know what I'm doing with it, let's say I'm trying to get more information about the market, then I'm aware of the time, right? If I just open up reels that

Unknown Speaker  3:03  
I'm not Gotcha.

Unknown Speaker  3:05  
And do you think you're scrolling? Does it interfere with any like day to day, like sleeping, studying, working? I think for like Doom scrolling, it definitely interrupts with my sleep.

Unknown Speaker  3:19  
Gotcha. Do you think it's an issue? Is it something you want to reduce more of? Are you okay with it? I definitely try to, like, cut it out quickly. Gotcha. Are there, like, apps you've tried? Did you try to, like, limit I think the only way, only thing that works for me, is just

Unknown Speaker  3:40  
deleted Gotcha. But like, would you just use the website instead?

Unknown Speaker  3:45  
Yeah, just using the website. But like,

Unknown Speaker  3:47  
Would you open Instagram on your website, on my iPhone? Oh no, on your computer, yeah, but yeah, but I wouldn't click on, like, the real budget, scroll on posts, yeah, gotcha. Okay, and so we kind of have a couple ideas that we would just want to get your thoughts on. You'd be brutally honest, like, terrible idea is okay, idea things like that. So the first one is kind of like,

Unknown Speaker  4:12  
if you're procrastinating on work a lot and you want your reels to be a little more educated, or, like, maybe help you with an assignment, for example. So it could be like anything from like an interesting fact about China and history, or it could be maybe related more towards your homework, like if you have a math problem or something, what do you think about that?

Unknown Speaker  4:34  
Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  4:36  
like, does that sound appealing to you? Or just not going to use

Unknown Speaker  4:40  
that? Like, I think, I really think it depends on like, how like it's designed, right? Yeah, like, do I have to like, search it, or is it just like, automatically, like, recommended to me? Like, what I think is like, it would be a lot better if like, the algorithm knows what.

Unknown Speaker  5:00  
I want,

Unknown Speaker  5:01  
yeah, and would you say, say, like, if you had, like, that algorithm where it gives you, like, a couple funny ones, but then a little education here and there, are you very likely to say, oh, like, the transition is really harsh. Like, oh, I just laughed at this. And then this one I have to think about. Maybe I'll just scroll past it, because I don't want to think about it. Well, yeah, the transition is hard, but I forget my problem. My problem is probably just like, why would I

Unknown Speaker  5:27  
want?

Unknown Speaker  5:30  
Yeah, I would be more like, clear. I would want to be more clear with my goal here.

Unknown Speaker  5:39  
Would you still feel like you spent way too much time if it was educational.

Unknown Speaker  5:45  
Yeah, here's the interesting thing. I think

Unknown Speaker  5:48  
there's like, two types of reels, educational one in terms of educational ones, there's like, really short, like generative, like summary ones that are they like, seem informative, but when you actually watch it, it's like doing pseudo work, because it's not really improving your any cognitive ability or any knowledge, whereas the longer format

Unknown Speaker  6:12  
reels I was is like much more like informative, you can, like, integrate The Knowledge better,

Unknown Speaker  6:20  
gotcha. And then another idea we have is more like preventative. If you had to say, if you tried to open up Instagram and you had to wait a minute or three minutes,

Unknown Speaker  6:31  
is that self imposed limit? Would that help? Or would you just delete the app right away? Like not skippable, you have to click it and then wait a minute, or wait to use it before it opens, just to use it, just to use it.

Unknown Speaker  6:45  
I don't see like why that would be

Unknown Speaker  6:50  
helpful. Gotcha. And then another one would be, if you had a leaderboard with your screen time, with all your friends, like you can see what they're doing.

Unknown Speaker  6:59  
Do you think you'd be willing to share your like screen time with your friends? And do you think that would actually reduce your screen time? So what's the little creative or so, it's just how many hours you spend on social media every day. Anybody shows any social any social media, and all your friends would be on it, or whichever ones you share and have the app, and you could see the rankings and how much time they spent, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  7:25  
I think generally people wouldn't want to use that, like shame

Unknown Speaker  7:31  
time, yeah, but

Unknown Speaker  7:34  
I think it could work if you like, frame it a bit differently, make it like a you know, let's get better together. Or, like, some incentive, some like game, you know, design some like reward system. I think that would be like a, like, a new activity, new behavior that would, you know, potentially

Unknown Speaker  7:59  
be attractive for people, yeah? And like, if there was like, an actual real world incentive, like, maybe if you do really well for a month and you get like, some monetary value, you think that would be appealing to me? Like, if you get a gift card, if you keep your Yeah, I think generally it's just, like, if it's interesting, yeah, yeah. It's just whether it is interesting or not. Gotcha sweet. Thank you so much for your time. Andy, right? Thank you so much.

Unknown Speaker  8:27  
What's this?

Unknown Speaker  8:29  
Why are

Unknown Speaker  8:32  
you guys doing this? Whose idea was this? Well,

Unknown Speaker  8:36  
we were just looking for productivity and thinking about a bunch of ideas within it, yeah, and we came across a lot of these, yeah. A lot of them are, like, paid services. And that's like, definitely a big blocking because, like, a lot of the audience is younger people, where they don't really want to spend a yearly subscription on an app they might delete. So, so this is for

Unknown Speaker  8:58  
an app, yeah, yeah. But what was the course? Then it's called

Unknown Speaker  9:04  
Startup studio. So basically the class everyone's in groups of four, and we all have to be.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
